Backport jetpack 15.9-beta changes (#49464)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/js-packages/social-previews/CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [3.2.4] - 2026-06-08
### Changed
- Update dependencies. [#49354]

### Fixed

> - Fix Mastodon share preview showing the post URL twice when the custom message already includes it. [#49338]

Reviewer: Not a blocker here, but the phrasing is a bit awkward, so I'd probably do something like this:

```suggestion
- Avoid having the Mastodon share preview show post URL twice when the custom message already includes it. [#49338]
```
